# codegen

Generates an encoded text string for character creation.

## Parameters

This is a typical string which might be generated by this program once
it becomes usable:

__"Chris
Roderick".'Chris,C-Rod'.Rh.Scmb.A24.Hc175.Wk86.Bendo.HRlsdbrn.Edbrn.SKtan__

In order, these field fill out most of the first section of a
character detail sheet:

__"Chris Roderick"__ - The _Full Name_ of the character. This is the
name that might be used in the court of law, or on a license of some
kind. It is the first field, and is surrounded by _double quotes_.

__'Chris'__ - The _Aliases_ of the character: Nicknames and pet names,
and other unofficial names given to the character at some point by
someone (even themselves). It is the second field, and is surrounded
by _single quotes_.

__Rh__ - The _Race_ of the character: _Not_ ethnicity, this is more
for fantasy and science fiction where there are characters that might
not be human. If Your character is Human, it should be identified
here. This is the third field, and always starts with a _capital R_. A
_lowercase h_ should stand for human.

__Scm__ - The _Sex_ of the character: Should support all sexual
identities, theoretically. At the very least, needs to support cis and
trans, gay, bi, and straight, male and female (in all combinations) as well
as asexual, neutral, hermaphroditic, and the ill-fated "other" for
ones which might be overlooked or entirely fictional (as in, a third
gender used by some alien species, or something). The fourth field,
and always starts with a _capital S_, followed (if applicable) by
(c)is/(t)rans, then (m)ale/(f)emale, then (g)ay/(s)traight... or, if
not, (a)sexual, (n)eutral, (h)ermaphroditic, or (o)ther.

__A24__ - The _Age_ of the character, in Years (not necessarily Earth
Years). This is always the fifth field, and starts with a _capital A_
followed by a number.

__Hc175__ - The _Height_ of the character. This is always the sixth
field, and starts with a _capital H_ followed by either (c)entimeters
or (i)nches, and a number.

__Wk86__ - The _Weight_ of the character, on whatever planet they are
native to. This is always the seventh field, and starts with a
_capital W_ followed by either (k)ilograms or (p)ounds, and a number.

__Bendo__ - The _Body Type_ of the character. Should support all
majorly defined body types, as well as bust size if applicable to the
character. This is always the eighth field, and starts with a _capital
B_ followed by (endo)morph, (meso)morph, (ecto)morph, (A), (V), (H),
(I), (E)ight, or (O)val frame, and then (if applicable) the cup size that would fit them (e.g. 32C).

__HRlsdbrn__ - The _Hair Type_ of the character. This is always the
ninth field, and starts with a _captial HR_ followed by (l)ong,
(m)edium, (s)hort, or (c)lose cut, then (s)traight, (w)avy, or
(c)urly, and finally a tint of (d)ark, (l)ight, or (r)ich and a 3
letter color, such as brn, blk, blu, grn, org, red, vio, bld, wht, or
gry.

__Edbrn__ - The _Eye Color_ of the character. This is always the tenth field, and starts with a _capital E_ followed by a tint of (d)ark, (l)ight, or (v)aried and a three letter color, like in field nine, _Hair Type_.

__SKtan__ - The _Skin Type_ of the character. This is always the eleventh field, and starts with a _capital SK_ followed by a descriptive phrase. Iron this out later.

